The following text has been taken from Wikipedia article on
Comic Sans font (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comic_Sans).
Comic Sans
Comic Sans MS, commonly referred to as Comic Sans, is a sans-serif casual script
typeface designed by Vincent Connare and released in 1994 by Microsoft Corporation.
It is a casual, non-connecting script inspired by comic book lettering, intended for
use in informal documents and children's materials.
The typeface has been supplied with Microsoft Windows since the introduction of
Windows 95, initially as a supplemental font in the Windows Plus Pack and later in
Microsoft Comic Chat. Describing it, Microsoft has explained that "this casual but
legible face has proved very popular with a wide variety of people."[1]
The typeface's widespread use, often in situations for which it was not intended, has
been criticized.
History
Microsoft designer Vincent Connare began work on Comic Sans in October 1994.
Connare had already created child-oriented fonts for various applications, so when he
saw a beta version of Microsoft Bob that used Times New Roman in the word balloons
of cartoon characters, he felt that the result was a formal look inappropriate for a
program intended to introduce younger users to computers. His decision was to
create a new face based on the lettering style of comic books he had in his office,
specifically The Dark Knight Returns (lettered by John Costanza) and Watchmen
(lettered by Dave Gibbons).[3]
He completed the face too late for inclusion in MS Bob, but the programmers of
Microsoft 3D Movie Maker, which also used cartoon guides and speech bubbles, began
to use it. The speech bubbles eventually were phased out and replaced by actual
sound, but Comic Sans stayed for the program’s pop-up windows and help sections.
The typeface later shipped with the Windows 95 Plus! Pack. It then became a
standard font for the OEM version of Windows 95. Finally, the font became one of
the default fonts for Microsoft Publisher and Microsoft Internet Explorer. The font
is also used in Microsoft Comic Chat, which was released in 1996 with Internet
Explorer 3.0.
